[Autogenerated] AWS Cloudhsm is the service to use If you require a
single tenant hardware security module to manage your keys or if you
need to interact directly with the HSM, cloudhsm launches into your own vpc.
So you have total control over access to the device.
You pay an hourly charge for each cloudhsm you launch.
This is different than the previous generation where you had
to pay an upfront fee for each device.
Now you simply pay an hourly charge for each device you use with cloudhsm.
AWS automates the hardware provisioning,
patching and backups of the underlying hs ems so you can
interact with your cluster as one logical HSM.
You can add and remove HS EMS from your cluster on demand and
cloudhsm will automatically load balance requests and securely
duplicate keys to all HSM in the cluster.
Some example use cases for cloudhsm include using a cloudhsm
cluster has a custom key store for A W.
S.
K.
M s.
This can do give you the flexibility and integration
of kms while ensuring your keys.
Stay on your own single tenant.
HSM is performing SSL acceleration by offloading some of the SSL and
TLS computation from your Web servers to the Cloud HSM cluster and
securing the servers private key in the HSM,
protecting the private keys For a issuing certificate authority.
You can store the private key on your Cloud HSM cluster and used the
HSM to perform the cryptographic signing operations.
You'll run a cloudhsm client on your application hosts.
To establish a secure connection to the HSM is you can then use various software
libraries to allow your applications to perform cryptographic operations on the
HSM is let's look at the cost to run CloudWatch HSM versus Kms to run a cloudhsm
cluster with two HS EMS for one month.
We're running two for high availability and durability would cost
you a flat fee of a dollar 60 per hour per device,
which may vary by region.
You can store up to 3800 keys per device and you can
utilize the full capacity of the device.
In other words, you're not charged per call.
So for two hs EMS, you would pay about $2380 per month.
K.
M s charges you $1 per month for each customer managed key Until you delete it,
you're then charged per request for encryption and decryption.
So if you had one key and made one million requests,
you would pay about $4 per month.
Kms is extremely low cost if you're dealing with
smaller numbers of keys and requests.
However,
if you used Kms to manage 2500 keys and had the same one million requests,
then you would be paying about 25 04 per month.
Or if you had one key with one billion requests,
then you would pay about 3000 and $1 per month for cost comparison.
It really depends on how many keys you're managing and
how Maney requests you make each month.
Let's look at a few more differences between CloudWatch, HSM and Kms.
We've mentioned that Cloud HSM is single tenant.
You are the only user of the device, while Kms is multi tenant,
with each user operating in an isolated partition of a shared HSM device.
With Cloudhsm, you can export master keys to other locations,
but with kms you cannot export master keys.
Cloudhsm is certified at a level three of Phipps 1 42
while Kms is a Level two overall, with some Level three components.
Cloudhsm may give you better performance depending on your usage as it is
dedicated hardware directly connected to your VPC while kms is going to be on
shared hardware access via of regional endpoint.
Finally,
if you need direct access to the HSM for your application
iCloud HSM has APIs to let you do that while K.
M s is a service only you have no access to the underlying HSM.
Only the kms service will directly interact with the underlying HSM.
Overall, iCloud HSM is designed for direct integration with your application, while K M s is designed for easy integration with other AWS services.